c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_InstanciaSQL.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.FrmPrincipal.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe.licenses
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Conexiones.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\Rentabilidad.pdb
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_DataBaseSQL.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.pdb
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.pdb
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\Rentabilidad.pdb
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\CapaDeDatos.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\CapaDeDatos.pdb
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Conexiones.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_DataBaseSQL.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_InstanciaSQL.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Categorias.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Pais.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Forms.Control.Frm_Precios_Calibres.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Forms.Control.Frm_Precios_Pais.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Principal.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Login.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Tratamiento.resources
C:\Users\Aux_Sistemas\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Calibres.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Conexiones.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_DataBaseSQL.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_InstanciaSQL.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_BDistribuidores.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Calibres.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Categorias.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Pais.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Tratamiento.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Precios_Fechas.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Forms.Control.Frm_Precios_Pais.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Principal.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Frm_Login.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe.licenses
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\Rentabilidad.pdb
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\CapaDeDatos.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\CapaDeDatos.pdb
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Reporting.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.exe
C:\Users\SKYLINE\Documents\GitHub\RentabilidadMercado\Software\Rentabilidad\Rentabilidad\obj\Debug\Rentabilidad.pdb
